Added Private Key Security Mode (#172)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: CHANGELOG.md

| ---------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Symbol Bootstrap | v0.4.5  | [symbol-bootstrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/symbol-bootstrap) |

> -   Added `privateKeySecurityMode`. It defines which private keys can be encrypted and stored in the `target/addresses.yml`:
>     - `ENCRYPT`: All private keys are encrypted and stored in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will have them to be used when required.
>     - `PROMPT_MAIN`: Main private keys not stored in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will prompt for the main private key when certificates are generated, or transactions need to be signed in the `link` and `enrolProgram` commands.
>     - `PROMPT_ALL`: No private key is stored in the in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will prompt for the private keys when they are required in the different commands.
> -   The `preset.yml` doesn't contain any (encrypted) private key anymore. 
> -   Certificates are not re-generated if not needed when running `--upgrade`. In this case, Main account Private Key will not be prompted on the `PROMPT` security mode.
> -   Voting Key files are not re-generated if not needed when running `--upgrade`. In this case, Voting account Private Key will not be prompted on the `PROMPT_ALL` security mode.
> -   Public Keys can be used in custom presets in addition to encrypted Private Keys. If Public Keys are used, Bootstrap will prompt for the private keys when required.
> -   Added `encrypt` and `decrypt` commands to encrypt custom preset and decrypt generated `target/addresses.yml` files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added `privateKeySecurityMode`. It defines which private keys can be encrypted and stored in the `target/addresses.yml`:
    - `ENCRYPT`: All private keys are encrypted and stored in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will require a password to operate.
    - `PROMPT_MAIN`: Main private keys are not stored in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will request the main private key when certificates are generated, or transactions need to be signed by the `link` and `enrolProgram` commands.
    - `PROMPT_ALL`: No private keys are stored in the in the target's `addresses.yml` file. Bootstrap will request the private keys when they are required by the different commands.
-   The `preset.yml` doesn't contain any private key anymore, encrypted or otherwise.
-   Certificates are not re-generated if not needed when running `--upgrade`. In this case, the main account private key is not required and will not be requested with the `PROMPT` security modes.
-   Voting key files are not re-generated if not needed when running `--upgrade`. In this case, the voting account private key is not required and will not be requested with the `PROMPT_ALL` security mode.
-   Public keys can be used in custom presets in addition to encrypted private keys. If public keys are used, Bootstrap will prompt for the private keys when required.
-   Added `encrypt` and `decrypt` commands to encrypt custom presets and decrypt generated `target/addresses.yml` files:
```
